MyHorseShow
===========

As it stands, setting up a horse show requires many hours of tedious work. The organizers have to allocate stalls to riders, but group riders based on what barn they're coming from. They must resolve class schedule conflicts, so all instructors may see all their riders perform; however, riders can show in multiple classes, multiple times in each class (on different horses), and an instructor may have many riders that he/she must observe. This is only the tip of the iceberg. What if a rider's class time changes? They are responsible for watching for changes in the schedule so they can be prepared for their class in time. If they don't find out for themselves, they will be disqualified from their events. These DQs are a waste of registration fees and travel time. My Horse Show aims to be the solution. It provides a platform for show administrators, instructors and even the riders themselves to prepare and participate in even the biggest shows.

Clients of this product will have to register with My Horse Show's web service via username, password, email address, USEF ID (and any other associations they enroll with), etc. Once registered, a user will login; this will take them to the Home screen. Upcoming events and necessary alerts will be shown, as well as portal buttons; if they are a rider, they can then be taken to the Rider Portal; instructors can go to the Instructor Portal, and administrators can go to the Admin Portal. If a user is registered as multiple types, they can select between portals.

Riders will have access to their current show (if one they are registered for is underway), a starting-date sorted list of all their shows, association year-end point standings, equestrian event rules and regulations, and other useful links (to be considered more in the future). The show list provides quick access to their shows, in which the rider can see the class list, their ride times, what the courses are for each class, their class results, barn info for the show, and contact information for various show services (grooms, vets, etc.). Instructors will see much the same information, but for all the riders they are teaching.

Where My Horse Show provides observation access to riders and instructors, it makes the show modifiable to the administrator. When entering the Admin Portal, they will see two things: a show calender of shows their are running, and the ability to create a show. Creating a show will allow them to allocate a name, date, and location. They can then add riders, instructors, divisions, classes, and arenas. They are able to prepare a "barn master list" for distributing stalls to riders appropriately and effectively. Another big time-saver this app will provide is in the "Ride Times" section. In setting up the riding schedule for the show, many time conflicts need to be resolved. An administrator will have a "Generate" button that will put together a schedule; they can then approve it and post it to the database for that show. If riders/instructors are already registered for the show, they will be notified of schedule changes. Finally, an administrator can add contacts that provide various services for the show (this is the other end of what the rider is seeing), and they can post class rankings, which will then distribute points appropriately to each rider's registered associations.